NARRATOR:
Previously on The Vampire Diaries:
- You took everything from me.
- Let bygones be bygones.
- Resentment gets old.
STEFAN: You know what never gets old?
- Revenge.
- No.
What? Missing something?
Three sleeping Originals, four coffins.
Who is in the lockbox?
I think I know who can open the coffin.
STEFAN: Who is this?
BONNIE: My mom.
- I wanna help you.
- You have no magic and I don't trust you.
Maybe you can help me
get my magic back.
To break the sire bond,
you gotta make yourself turn.
[ROARS]
- Oh, my God.
- Run!
ALARIC: Is he gonna make it?
- Not on his own.
- What is that?
MEREDITH: Vampire blood.
Show me the coffins.
- Where's the fourth?
- Not here.
- I assume Klaus didn't get his coffins.
DAMON: I was able to get one of them out.
- The locked one.
- Probably a good choice.
- Why don't we talk about this?
- What did you do?
[YELLS]
Elijah.
You look surprised to see me.
So it wasn't you that removed
the dagger from my chest.
You look like
you could do with a drink.
And we have a lot to discuss,
so shall we?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Easy. I just finished renovating.
You know, you have every right
to be mad at me.
But I kept my word.
I reunited you with our family.
Don't make me do this
to you again, Elijah.
Come on, use it. I dare you.
You'll have Kol to deal with.
- Mikael is dead.
- What did you say?
I killed him with his own weapon.
He's gone, Elijah, forever.
Why do our family remain
in these coffins?
Finn for over 900 years,
Kol for over a century.
Because of Stefan Salvatore.
He holds the one thing
keeping me from freeing them.
There are things that you do not know
about our past, Elijah.
Our mother's death,
things I never wanted you to know.
But I'm ready to tell you now.
I only ask that you remember the oath
of loyalty you once swore to me.
What are you doing?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Always and forever.
I need you to stand by my side.
Be my brother.
Help me destroy Stefan...
...and I promise you
our family will be whole again.
ELENA: Morning.
- Thought we had aspirin.
Behind the vitamins.
- You're hungover.
- Yeah, sorry about that.
It was a bit of a weird night.
I told you, you don't have to feel guilty
about inviting Meredith here.
I know. And I thank you for that.
But I do feel guilty for whiskey-dialing
her at 2 in the a.m.
- Ugh, no, you didn't.
- Oh, yes, I did.
- Was she cool about it?
- As soon as these aspirin...
...kick in and I
remember the conversation...
...I'll let you know.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Sheriff Forbes, hi.
Is everything okay?
This is an unconventional conversation
we're about to have...
...so I hope you'll protect me on it.
ALARIC: Of course.
You've heard our medical examiner
was murdered...
...the night of the fundraiser?
- Yeah, Brian Walters. Why?
We've been investigating. Someone
drove this stake through his heart.
That's one of ours.
This is one of the set
from your parents' lake house.
That's why I'm here.
I haven't told anyone,
but forensics ran it for prints...
...and found only one clean set.
Yours.
What?
So you're the prime suspect?
ELENA: She doesn't think I did it,
she's trying to find out...
...why somebody used my family's
weapon to kill a Council member.
Well, why don't you ask Ric if his dirty
little doctor had access to the weapons.
- You're on speakerphone.
DAMON: I'm just saying...
...first suspect is usually the right one.
ALARIC:
Brian Walters was killed days ago.
I didn't show Meredith
this until last night.
- It wasn't Meredith.
- Brian was her ex-boyfriend.
- Ric saw them fighting that night.
- It's not Meredith, okay?
I refuse to believe that your luck
with women is that tragic.
Who else knows
about your slayer stash?
Who doesn't? I got weapons everywhere.
Here, the school, my loft, your car.
It's Klaus. It has to be.
He's just screwing with us.
What if it was Stefan?
He was crazy that night. You know,
he was trying to get under Klaus's skin.
He was capable
of pretty much anything.
Ah, makes me nostalgic for the time when
Stefan was a bunny-snacking pacifist.
- Anyway, gotta go. More later.
- Hey, where are you?
Tea with an old friend.
Elijah. My favorite Original.
Back from the dead.
You clean up nice.
- You left something in my jacket pocket.
- Yeah.
"Dear Elijah, let's get together.
Plot the destruction
of your brother. XOXO."
- Damon.
- Was I right to undagger you...
...or are we gonna have a problem?
I'm here. Let's talk.
I'll start with an easy question.
Any idea what kind of
Klaus-killing weapon...
...could be magically sealed
in a mystery coffin?
ABBY: Slow down.
STEFAN: Keep up.
We don't have much time.
- Sorry, Stefan, I didn't have a choice.
STEFAN: There's always a choice, Bonnie.
You made it
and now we have to live with it.
You told Klaus where the coffins were
and he took them.
- All of them except this one.
ABBY: That's the one that's sealed?
STEFAN: Yup. Fortunately, it seems to be
the one he cares about most.
- Aren't you coming inside?
- Vampires can't get in.
Damon had to compel a couple
gardeners to bring the coffin in.
This is a bad idea.
If you're really the key
to opening that coffin...
...it's a safe bet you're
on Klaus' hit list.
I suggest you hide out here and figure
out a way to open the damn thing.
- I told you. I don't have any powers.
- And I don't believe you.
Look, time's ticking. Won't be long
before Klaus calls his hybrids...
...to find that coffin and kill all of us.
So dig deep, Abby Bennett,
scrape out whatever magic you have left.
- What are you doing here?
- Bonnie told me you'd be here.
- I need to talk to you.
- Well, there's nothing to talk about.
- I'm focused on getting this coffin open.
- Did you kill the medical examiner?
- Why would you think I did that?
- I don't know what you're capable of.
- Believe what you want, Elena.
- I don't wanna believe any of it.
But you had to ask me anyway.
Stefan...
Did you ask Damon
if he killed anybody lately?
- Are you Caroline?
- Yes. Dr. Fell, hi.
Elena told me you helped out my dad.
I did. Do you think you can get him
to be a little grateful?
He spent the night threatening to get
my license revoked for saving his life.
Yeah, my dad's a little set in his ways.
Um, he's spent his whole life
hating vampires so...
So he's not psyched about it being
vampire blood that healed him.
Yeah, he made that clear. Heh.
I'm sorry. My bedside manner
sucks on no sleep.
Um, so can I take him home?
I signed his discharge papers
last night to shut him up.
Oh, I...
He didn't call or anything.
That's gotta be hard.
When your dad hates the one thing
you can't change about yourself.
I make it my business to know
who the vampires are in this town.
Medical curiosity. I don't blab.
Yeah, we've had our ups and downs.
Tell your dad I said "you're welcome."
Thanks.
- That was fast.
- Yeah, he's not here.
He was already discharged.
And she seems perfectly nice, by
the way. A little intense, maybe, but...
It's sweet you wanna make sure
Alaric's not dating a psycho.
- He's my family. I have to look out for him.
- Shh, shh.
What?
I hear it.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hear what?
My dad's phone.
[PHONE CONTINUES RINGING]
Oh, my God. Daddy. Daddy. Dad.
- Oh, my God.
- No. Don't be dead. Don't be dead.
Don't be dead. Oh, my God.
[GRUNTS]
Daddy.
Caroline, he has vampire blood
in his system.
What?
[GASPS]
This is the only grimoire you kept?
It was the only one I needed.
So, what is all of this?
Family history.
About a mother who
loved her children so much...
...she couldn't bear the thought
she might lose them.
So she turned them into vampires.
One of them is Klaus.
The one you're trying to kill
with whatever is in that coffin?
There's nothing in here that's going
to help. I've seen most of these spells.
- What was this?
- A spell I used to seal Mikael in a tomb.
I burned it. Tried to get it out of my head.
It didn't work, though.
Wait. Do you see this?
It's a sealing spell.
We're trying to open something...
...not seal it shut.
- No.
Right here on the side. It's a blood knot.
It means to bind it,
you need two generations.
A bloodline.
Like two keys to a safety deposit box.
So unbinding it would reverse the spell?
Unseal it? If we did it together?
DAMON: Get dressed. We're going out.
- Yeah, sorry, not interested.
I didn't ask. Elijah and I have scheduled
a very old-fashioned sit down...
...with you and Klaus.
I say you go with the black.
Makes you look all villainy.
Klaus won't make a deal, Damon.
He doesn't have to.
All we're doing is buying a little time...
...to give our wicked witches
a chance to pop the top off the coffin.
STEFAN:
So that's your, uh, plan?
- Stall Klaus?
- If you hadn't gone postal...
...maybe I'd have options.
So you unleash an Original
to help him out.
Undaggering Elijah was smart, Stefan.
Are you kidding me?
After what Klaus did to him?
He's in vengeance mode.
There's nothing smart
about trusting Elijah, Damon.
He screwed us over the last time
he promised to help us.
The way you've been acting,
I trust him about as much as I trust you.
Hmm. Well...
...I guess that goes both ways,
doesn't it?
Oh, yes. This is about me kissing Elena.
If it wasn't for Klaus,
you wouldn't have become a dick...
...and that kiss
would've never happened.
So get ready and get happy.
We're going to negotiate a fake truce.
I don't want your attitude
screwing it up.
I compelled the nurse
to stay out of this room.
- You'll be safe here.
- My wound is completely healed.
- I need something to eat.
CAROLINE: Daddy, why don't you...
...come lay down and just relax.
I can't. I'm too wired.
My pulse is racing.
It's the effect of my body
wanting to transition.
- Maybe Dr. Fell can give you something.
- She's done enough.
- I called your mom.
- Thanks.
- Mr. Forbes, did you see your attacker?
BILL: I didn't see anything.
I tried to sneak out.
Someone came from behind.
We'll figure this out,
but in the meantime...
...we need to get you some blood.
I'm not gonna drink any blood.
You have to. You died
with vampire blood in your system.
If you don't feed and finish the
transition into a vampire then you'll die.
I understand how it works.
And that's what I'm prepared to do.
Now get me out of this hospital.
I smell blood everywhere.
- What are you doing?
- Taking inventory.
- Did you bring it?
- Did I steal evidence from a crime scene?
Yes.
ALARIC:
You're right.
It's a match.
This is from a crawl space in the foyer.
Which means Meredith
knew where it was.
That doesn't mean she stole it.
This is from the loft.
- These are from a duffle in Damon's car.
- Identical to the one that killed Brian.
Damon's car was
at the Wickery Bridge fundraiser.
So was Meredith.
And that was the night her ex-boyfriend,
the medical examiner, was killed.
The one who called her psycho.
She was trying to save Bill Forbes.
Why would she turn around
and try to kill him?
I don't know what to think either,
you know, but...
...we'd be idiots
to ignore all these facts.
So, what should we do?
Well...
Get this to the police.
You should probably be with Caroline.
I'm sorry, Ric.
Please be careful.
ELIJAH:
Niklaus. Our guests have arrived.
KLAUS: Damon. Stefan. Elijah tells me
you seek an audience. Very bold.
Let's discuss the terms of our
agreement like civilized men, shall we?
It's better to indulge him.
I didn't, uh, come here to eat, Klaus.
In fact, I didn't want to come here at all,
but I was told I had to.
Because you would hear us out.
[CHUCKLES]
Well, we can sit and eat...
...or I can reach down your throats
and pull out your insides.
The choice is yours.
Thank you, love.
You lost your appetite?
Eat. I thought we agreed that we would
leave the grumpy Stefan at home.
KLAUS:
That's the spirit.
Isn't this nice?
The four of us dining together.
Such a treat.
Is this what you had in mind...
...when you pulled the dagger out?
Well, I knew how he felt about you,
so I figured the more, the merrier.
KLAUS: Elijah and I have had quarrels,
but we always make it through.
STEFAN:
Kind of like, uh, you and Rebekah, right?
Where is she, by the way?
Last I checked she was still daggered
because you were afraid to face her.
If you're referring to the fact
that Rebekah knows I killed our mother...
...I've already come clean to Elijah.
Hey, Stef,
remember when you killed Dad?
- Dial down the judgment till dessert.
- We're here to make a deal, Damon.
Doesn't mean we need to kiss his ass.
I'm just saying, we have a long evening
ahead of us, pace yourself.
So did you heard back from Tyler yet?
No. And I've left messages
for him everywhere.
So does Alaric really think
that Dr. Fell did it?
He doesn't know what to think.
- What about you?
- Heh.
I wish the girl Alaric liked
wasn't in the middle of all this.
He deserves to be happy.
But, yeah, she looks guilty.
That's why I told your mom.
My mom's in there sitting with my dad.
[LAUGHS]
I don't think they've been in the same
room this long since I was 10 years old.
Is there any chance that Tyler did it?
- What?
- If Klaus was trying to mess with you...
...and he's sired to Klaus and...
...I mean,
he does everything that he's told.
No. No, I don't think Tyler did it.
I can't just let my father die.
I'm gonna force him to feed.
ELENA:
Hey.
He doesn't want to, Caroline.
The only thing your dad has
is his choice.
I hated him so much
for what he did to me.
So much.
Now all I wanna do is save his life.
Of course you do. He's your dad.
What was the hardest part for you?
When you lost your dad?
Realizing all the things
that he wouldn't be there for.
The things that, um,
you just need your dad for, you know?
Hey.
Stefan, where is the lovely
Elena tonight?
I don't know. Ask Damon.
[LAUGHING]
I'm sorry. You missed so much. Uh...
Trouble in paradise.
One more word about Elena
and, uh, this dinner is over.
DAMON: Hey, you know what?
Probably best just to keep Elena...
...in the do-not-discuss pile.
KLAUS: You're probably right.
- Yeah.
It's just the allure of the
Petrova doppelgänger is still so strong.
What do you say, brother?
- Shall we tell them about Tatia?
- Now, why should we discuss matters...
...long since resolved?
KLAUS: Given their shared affection
for both Elena and Katerina...
...our guests might be curious to learn
about the originator of the Petrova line.
DAMON: We're not going
anywhere, Elijah. Please.
Do tell.
When our family first settled here,
there was a girl named Tatia.
She was an exquisite beauty.
Every boy of age desired
to be her suitor.
Even though she'd had a child
by another man.
None loved her more than Niklaus.
Oh, I'd say there was one
who loved her at least as much.
Wait a minute.
So you both loved the same girl?
Our mother was a very powerful witch.
She sought to end our feud over Tatia
and so she took her.
Klaus and I would learn
it was Tatia's blood we consumed...
...on the night where our
mother performed a spell...
...which turned us into vampires.
Tatia wouldn't make a decision
between the two of us...
...so for a time,
Niklaus and I grew estranged.
Harsh words were traded. We even
came to blows, didn't we, brother?
But in the end, we recognized
the sacred bond of family.
Family above all.
[BOTH CHANTING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
You're not trying.
We've been at this for over an hour.
[SIGHS]
The spirits are angry with me
for leaving you.
Maybe they didn't want me
to have powers.
I had all those dreams for a reason.
The spirits wanted me to find you
because you're my mom.
It's not them.
It's you.
You won't open yourself up to it.
Do you know Dad never talked
about you?
Neither did Grams.
I had no memories of you.
So you know what I used to pretend?
That you were dead.
It was easier to do that
than to wonder...
...why you never came back for me.
There's no way I can tell you
how sorry I am for what I did.
Yes, there is.
You can help me.
[BOTH CHANTING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
It almost worked.
I have to call Damon,
tell him we're getting closer.
- I'll be right back.
- Okay.
[BANGING]
[GASPS]
ELIJAH: So why don't we discuss
the terms of this proposal?
It's very simple.
Klaus gets his coffin back.
In exchange...
...he and the original extended family
leave Mystic Falls forever.
Me, Stefan and Elena
live happily ever after.
- No grudges.
- The deal sounds fair, brother.
I don't think you understand.
Elena's doppelgänger blood...
...ensures that I will always
have more hybrids...
...to fight those that oppose me.
I will never leave her behind.
Say I do leave her here.
Under your protection. What then?
How long before one of you turns her
into a vampire?
Or worse, how long before she dies,
caught between your feuding? You see...
...each one of you truly believes
that you're the one that can protect her.
And that is simply a delusion.
Gentlemen...
...the worst thing for Elena Gilbert is...
...the two of you.
I'm gonna get some air.
Let me deal with this.
KLAUS:
Mm. Hmm.
All this talk has made me thirsty.
What do you say, Stefan?
Can I interest you...
...in a little after-dinner drink?
ELENA: Thanks for walking me home.
MATT: You doing okay?
This has to bring up a lot for you.
We all lost a lot.
It's this town.
It's messed up. I mean...
None of us should have
to live this way.
ELENA:
That's weird.
MATT:
Electricity must be out.
Here.
I think I have some candles over there.
- Oh, my God.
- What the hell?
Ric.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
- Um...
- Agh!
Leave it in. He's lost too much blood.
I'm gonna call 911.
Ric, look at me. Who did this to you?
I don't know.
Oh, my God.
There's a lot of blood, Matt.
I know. I know, Elena. I know.
You have to kill me.
- What?
- Elena, you have to kill me.
ELENA: Wait, wait. Matt, hang up.
Hang up. He's right.
If he dies a supernatural death, then
he'll come back to life and be healed.
How you know who did this
is supernatural?
That's what he's saying. We don't.
But I'm a doppelgänger.
- That makes me supernatural.
MATT: Elena.
No, this is messed up.
He's dying, Matt.
[GROANS]
[YELLS]
Mm. Delicious.
Aged to perfection.
STEFAN:
Well...
...I guess the only reason you agreed
to this evening, Klaus...
...is to drive a wedge
between me and my brother.
You're doing that on your own.
Because of Elena, you're gonna lose
your brother and have yourself to blame.
DAMON:
What do you say, Klaus?
Time for you to put something
on the table.
We've made our offer.
Now you counter.
Okay.
[CLEARS THROAT]
I offer Elena's future happiness.
You see, what she needs right now
is to be rid of you lot...
...and to fall in love with a human.
Maybe that nice football player.
The blond one.
Matt Donovan?
- Really?
KLAUS: Yeah, why not?
They'll marry, live a long life,
and pop out a perfect family.
And continue the Petrova bloodline.
Every few hundred years,
you'll have a new doppelgänger...
...and never run out of hybrids, right?
KLAUS: Consider it a small return
on my investment in her well-being.
See, after you hand me back the coffin,
I'll ensure her safety...
...for the rest of her natural life.
You know it's what's best for her.
So...
...what do you say, Stefan?
Huh?
Do we have a deal?
What are you doing?
STEFAN:
Nice try, Klaus.
But no deal.
[BOTH YELLING]
What are you doing?
- Stop!
KLAUS: Bring me my coffin...
...before I burn him alive.
I'll get it.
KLAUS:
Go with him, brother.
You keep him honest.
When you return,
I will make good on my promise to you...
...and I will hand over our family.
- Hey.
Your first state regionals.
Yup. I was afraid to join the squad.
- But you talked me into it.
- You had nothing to be afraid of.
You were so much better
than all those other girls.
How you feeling?
I'm tired.
Uh, can I get you anything?
Or, um...
Do you want me to call Steven?
No, no.
We haven't spoken in a while. Just...
Call him when it's over
and the dust is settled, would you?
Yeah.
Listen.
Listen to me.
Look...
I know that you think
you made your choice...
...but you can change your mind.
You know?
You are strong enough
to handle being a vampire.
I mean,
you're the strongest person I know.
No, Caroline.
My strength is all in my beliefs.
Becoming a vampire is wrong.
People aren't supposed to cheat death.
That's just what I believe.
Please respect that.
[STAMMERS]
How can you hate who I am so much?
No, no, no, sweetheart. I don't hate you.
I love you.
You're strong. You're beautiful.
- You're good.
- No, I'm not.
And even after everything
that's happened to you...
...you are exactly who your mother and I
hoped you'd grow up to be.
Then please don't leave me, Daddy.
Please. Please don't leave me.
- Daddy, just don't leave me.
- Shh.
Parents aren't supposed
to outlive their children, Caroline.
[SOBBING]
It's okay.
This is life.
This is what it means to be human.
Go ahead, kill me. I know you'll do it
when he brings the coffin.
You really have given up, haven't you?
Where's the fight? Where's the ripper?
Elijah.
Why haven't you left?
Well, where are your manners, brother?
We forgot dessert.
- What have you done?
ELIJAH: What have you done?
See, I've learned not to trust
your vulgar promises, Klaus.
We're doing this on my terms now.
- Kol...
- Long time, brother.
Finn, don't... Aah!
Rebekah.
[GRUNTS]
This is for our mother.
You're free to go.
This is family business.
He's still out?
Caroline called.
Her dad died.
Will you stay with me?
Until he wakes up?
Of course.
I can't lose any more family.
STEFAN:
You were right about Elijah.
Undaggering him was a smart move.
DAMON: Wow, actual acknowledgment
of a job well done.
You're going soft, Stefan.
So I guess I shouldn't thank you
for saving me from Klaus.
Shut up.
You don't get to thank me till I pay you
back for all those times you saved me.
Could've left me there.
Klaus would've killed me...
...and you would've had Elena
all to yourself.
[PHONE BUZZING]
I didn't do that on your account.
I love her, Damon.
So do I.
I looked into it, Elena.
Meredith Fell was called
into surgery six hours ago.
- She's been in there ever since.
- She has an alibi?
Iron-tight.
An operating room full of witnesses.
- Then who could it be?
- I don't know.
But the attack on Alaric makes this the
third member of the Founder's Council.
And we just cleared our only suspect.
[COUGHING]
DAMON: Let's hope big and little witch
got that coffin open.
Something's gotta make
this night worthwhile.
Bonnie.
She's still breathing.
DAMON:
Mom is still breathing. I can hear her.
STEFAN:
Coffin's open.
Well, it's not gonna do us any good.
Whatever's in it is gone.
I like what you've done
with the new place, Nik.
I wanted it to be for all of us.
A place we could all call home.
A place we could all be a family.
None of us would ever have
to be alone again.
ELIJAH:
Well, you're right.
None of us will be.
FINN:
You're staying behind.
REBEKAH:
We're leaving you, Nik...
...right after I kill
that doppelgänger wench.
Then you will be alone.
Always and forever.
If you run...
...I will hunt all of you down.
And then you'll become
everything you hate.
Our father.
I'm the hybrid!
I can't be killed!
I have nothing to fear from any of you.
You will when we have that coffin.
[DOOR OPENS]
Mother.
Look at me.
Do you know why I'm here?
You're here to kill me.
Niklaus, you are my son.
And I am here to forgive you.
I want us to be a family again.
[English - US - SDH]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org